I'm Brandon Owens and I run the silent
planet I travel on the road as a
musician most weekends and then during
the week so just make music again
this area was just a covered patio that
we used to hang out in they stealing our
backyard like just close that in it's
already like a space that we hang out in
and love let's just make it into the
studio back in like 2003 when I was
engaged to my wife she got me a Polaroid
camera and at that time you could just
go to Walmart and buy film for like five
bucks and so I just fell in love with it
and started taking pictures and just
started collecting old cameras and got
all my old Star Wars posters for my
parents Allison and just knickknacks
from the road and now the walls and
everything have just become littered
with Sameach history I love just kind of
walking around and like catching a
picture I haven't seen it and then you
know once you start doing this people
find stuff on the road and they bring it
to anyway like I found this owl and I
think you need to have it
my brother was really into music and
he's a year older than me one day he
walked up and he said I'm starting a
band you're playing this and he handed
me a bass guitar and I had zero interest
in it at the time but as I figured it
out just to play in the fan actually
like developed a passion for it for a
long time I did graphic design that was
like my full-time job but it wasn't fun
at all it was like doing billboards for
like an Outback Steakhouse
I'd like create it and they'd be like
hey can you put a drop set onto that
steak like I hate my life actually my
wife kind of pushed me into this I've
always made music on the side and just
enjoyed it one day she was just like I
think your your heart may be dyed why
don't you just get a part-time job for a
little bit quit doing graphic design and
just pursue music and Nashville being
the city that it is but you can just
stand on the street corner and be like I
play this and someone will pick you up
you know and so it just slowly turned
into playing on the road and then took
this bedroom in the back of my house and
started getting gear and tracking drums
in the living room and just making weird
music and then we built this place and
it just kind of became a hobby kind of
turned into not a full profession yet
but what I love to do four times this
favorite I think that's just because
what you can reach
growing up playing music I was never
that like a bass player who was like I
gotta go study all the licks my favorite
players and learn the songs I was more
interested in yeah we could do that and
we got cover songs oh we could write
songs like let's make things let's
create I was always like more interested
in creating and when you you're playing
every night you're playing the same
songs over and over again
you're just cool but like in the studio
you're you're always creating you're
always thinking of the next thing new
just fresh stuff the creative process
working with bands for me is always a
little different I'm very much hands-off
and I see myself less of a captain of
the ship you know and more just kind of
steering the boat and taking their ideas
and directing them in the right
direction
I think it's kind of trendy right now to
be into like old school analog and which
is great and I think I think I lean that
way a little bit too I think tracking
through need stuff just real warm I like
that a lot
I like API stuff a lot too specially for
drums if I could I would have maybe not
like a full console but like I need like
a sidecar something like 16 channels
people are doing great stuff that's so
little these days there's these pop
artists that have access to the best
studios in the world and then you hear
that they did all the vocals for their
record on the road with like an apogee
duet and in essence seven you know it's
like well what excuse do I have for not
you know doing great stuff a lot of the
bands I work with the people are the
artists are so creative already that
they'll bring in these scratch tracks
and I'm like I want to use all this
because it sounds so good and they're
like oh I did that on my macbook with
the built-in speaker and I'm like that
sounds film so rad so I think a lot of
it is that there's a you can definitely
get stuck in a rut if like I need this
next thing well if only I had this drum
kit instead of this one or if only I had
this or whatever and it's like there's a
lot of people out there was so little
we're doing so much and I think a lot a
lot it's a lot more about who you are
and your creativity than the gear but
then the gear does help a lot
I'm learning a balance of enjoying life
and the things that you have and also
you know striving to grow and do more
and be better it's just a weird balance
it's like he said it was watching
something recently and someone said
something like I wish you I wish he knew
that you were in the good old days when
you're in the good old days you know or
something like that
is this like I would have probably
enjoyed it a lot more if I had realized
this is the time you know so so yeah
that's kind of what I'm striving for it
right now
my name is Brandon Owens and you're
watching creative spaces TV
you